fix: hard crash in commands when no API provided (#2813)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/tiny-plums-change.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed a hard crash when no API is provided either via the command argument or in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a hard crash that happened when no API was provided either via the command argument or in the config.
```

> Fixed a hard crash that happened when no API was provided either via the command argument or in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed hard crash that happened when no API was provided either via the command argument or in the config.
```
